NAMESPACE   NAME                      READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
s-23        nginx1                    1/1     Running   0          48m
s-23        nginx2                    1/1     Running   0          47m
s-24        nginx1                    1/1     Running   0          37m
s-24        nginx2                    1/1     Running   0          36m
s-27        nginx1                    1/1     Running   0          24m
s-29        nginx1-548b49765c-8tt9h   1/1     Running   0          13m
s-29        nginx2-5d4bdfc578-9fcfn   1/1     Running   0          12m
s-30        nginx1                    1/1     Running   0          13m
s-30        nginx2                    1/1     Running   0          13m
s-34        nginx1                    1/1     Running   0          41m
s-34        nginx2                    1/1     Running   0          41m
s-35        nginx1                    1/1     Running   0          16m
s-37        nginx1                    1/1     Running   0          9m27s
s-37        nginx2                    1/1     Running   0          9m26s
s-38        nginx1                    1/1     Running   0          31m
s-38        nginx2                    1/1     Running   0          31m
s-40        nginx1                    1/1     Running   0          50m
s-40        nginx2                    1/1     Running   0          49m
s-44        nginx1                    1/1     Running   0          17m
s-46        nginx1                    1/1     Running   0          50m
s-46        nginx2                    1/1     Running   0          50m
s-49        nginx1                    1/1     Running   0          38m
s-49        nginx2                    1/1     Running   0          38m
